com/unilaw/todo/repository/TaskRepository.java
 com.unilaw.todo.repository.TaskRepository
com/unilaw/todo/dto/request/ListRequest.java
 com.unilaw.todo.dto.request.ListRequest
com/unilaw/todo/repository/ListRepository.java
 com.unilaw.todo.repository.ListRepository
com/unilaw/todo/service/filter/SearchCriteria.java
 com.unilaw.todo.service.filter.SearchCriteria
com/unilaw/todo/service/filter/ListSpecification.java
 com.unilaw.todo.service.filter.ListSpecification
com/unilaw/todo/model/TaskEntity.java
 com.unilaw.todo.model.TaskEntity
com/unilaw/todo/model/ListEntity.java
 com.unilaw.todo.model.ListEntity
com/unilaw/todo/TodoApplication.java
 com.unilaw.todo.TodoApplication
com/unilaw/todo/swagger/SpringFoxConfig.java
 com.unilaw.todo.swagger.SpringFoxConfig
com/unilaw/todo/model/Priority.java
 com.unilaw.todo.model.Priority
com/unilaw/todo/service/IListService.java
 com.unilaw.todo.service.IListService
com/unilaw/todo/dto/response/TaskResponse.java
 com.unilaw.todo.dto.response.TaskResponse
com/unilaw/todo/service/ITaskService.java
 com.unilaw.todo.service.ITaskService
com/unilaw/todo/dto/response/AllListsResponse.java
 com.unilaw.todo.dto.response.AllListsResponse
com/unilaw/todo/dto/response/AllTasksResponse.java
 com.unilaw.todo.dto.response.AllTasksResponse
com/unilaw/todo/dto/response/ListResponse.java
 com.unilaw.todo.dto.response.ListResponse
com/unilaw/todo/dto/request/TaskRequest.java
 com.unilaw.todo.dto.request.TaskRequest
com/unilaw/todo/service/ListService.java
 com.unilaw.todo.service.ListService
com/unilaw/todo/service/TaskService.java
 com.unilaw.todo.service.TaskService
com/unilaw/todo/controller/ListController.java
 com.unilaw.todo.controller.ListController
com/unilaw/todo/controller/TaskController.java
 com.unilaw.todo.controller.TaskController
